Nacho/changelog v0.7.20 (#3311)
earthly/earthly: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- Support for `mode` in mount cache [#3278](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/3278).
- Support for `mode` in CACHE commands [#3290](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3290).
- Support for shared/global caches (cache `id` is no longer scoped per Earthfile) [#1129](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/1129).

### Fixed
- A regression where URLs will not always get shorter when used as a prefix. Partially addresses [#3200](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/3200).
- If a build fails because of `qemu` missing, earthly will display a proper hint to install it [#3200](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/3200).
- Removed erroneous error-message which said error: 0 errors occured (#3306)(https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3306).
- A race condition when exiting interactive debugger mode resulting in confusing errors [#3200](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/3200).
- Docker auto-install script failures related to attempts to read from tty, while verifying docker's pgp key [#3324](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3324).
- Issue affecting pulling images in Podman [#2471](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/2471).

> - A panic which may sometimes occur during shutdown of the logstream [#3325](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3325).

Reviewer: I just got a better description from Mike:

```suggestion
- A `panic: send on closed channel` error would sometimes occur during shutdown of the logstream [#3325](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3325).
```

Reviewer: this makes it more clear to users, since they may have experienced this in the past, and can now search our changelog for the error message.

## Unreleased

## v0.7.20 - 2023-10-03

### Added
- Support for `mode` in mount cache [#3278](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/3278).
- Support for `mode` in CACHE commands [#3290](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3290).

> - Support for shared/global caches [#1129](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/1129).

Reviewer: I think we should call out the specific change that `id` is now global, e.g.
```suggestion
- Support for shared/global caches (cache `id` is no longer scoped per Earthfile) [#1129](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/1129).
```

### Fixed
- A regression where URLs will not always get shorter when used as a prefix. Partially addresses [#3200](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/3200).
- If a build fails because of `qemu` missing, earthly will display a proper hint to install it [#3200](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/3200).
- Removed erroneous error-message which said error: 0 errors occured (#3306)(https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3306).
- A race condition when exiting interactive debugger mode resulting in confusing errors [#3200](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/3200).

> - Removed invalid error-messages which occurred when the interactive debugger exits [#3310](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3310).

Reviewer: this is actually a duplicate of the above item, and should be removed.
```suggestion
```

## Unreleased

## v0.7.20 - 2023-10-03

### Added

> - Documentation for experimental option `--pass-args` [#3229](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3229).

Reviewer: this isn't related to the changes between earthly v0.7.19 and v0.7.20; generally the changelog should only list items that are related to noticeable changes in the binary itself.

I would delete this line.

> - Clarification about `RUN --ssh` no being related to GIT [3eb60e87](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/commit/3eb60e87bbbee965a7c0f5d7b0f89cc2f65a7d02).

Reviewer: same as above -- not related to the binary.

> - Support for `mode` in mount cache [#3279](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3279).

Reviewer: we generally link to issues rather than PRs -- not all users will understand the changes to our code, but instead would get more from seeing a higher-level description of the bug that was fixed.
```suggestion
- Support for `mode` in mount cache [#3278](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/3278).
```

> - Support for `mode` in CACHE commands [#3290](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3290).

Reviewer: is there a issue we can link to instead?

Author: not in this case

> - Support for shared/global caches [#3296](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3296).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for shared/global caches [#1129](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/1129).
```

> - Buildkit support for the gRPC Docker registry proxy [#25](https://github.com/earthly/buildkit/pull/25).

Reviewer: this is hidden behind a feature flag, it's currently broken and shouldn't be mentioned.

### Fixed
- A Regression where URLs will not always get shorter when used as a prefix. Partially addresses [#3200](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/3200).
- If a build fails because of `qemu` missing, earthly will display a proper hint to install it [#3200](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/3200).

> - Request ID logging in gRPC streams [#3267](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3267).

Reviewer: this could be left out, it doesn't seem to be something most users would care about -- I'll leave this one up to you, I have no strong opinion about including it or not.

Author: ok makes sense

> - Incorrect error count report (#3306)(https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3306).

Reviewer: I don't think most users will understand what this means.

```suggestion
- Removed erroneous error-message which said error: 0 errors occured (#3306)(https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3306).
```

- A Race condition when exiting interactive debugger mode resulting in confusing errors [#3200](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/3200).

> - Log errors that occur due to debugger exiting [#3310](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3310).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed invalid error-messages which occurred when the interactive debugger exits [#3310](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3310).
```

> - Cases where gpg may attempt to use a tty, which will result in an error during the docker auto-install script [#3324](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3324).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed docker auto-install script failures related to attempts to read from tty, while verifying docker's pgp key [#3324](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3324).
```

- Issue affecting pulling images in Podman [#2471](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/2471).

> - Panic when logs are written after Close called [#3325](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3325).

Reviewer: this description is too deep in the implementation details, and needs to be higher-level for our users to understand.

maybe something like:

```suggestion
- Fixed a panic which may sometimes occur during shutdown of the logstream [#3325](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3325).
```

however it's not great since it doesn't include the error message (nor does #3325 contain an example of the full error message users were receiving)

> - Buildkit entrypoint killing externally provided pids [#3328](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3328).

Reviewer: this could probably be left off, otherwise it needs to be reworded so our users have a better understanding of what this means. e.g. I don't think users will know what "externally provided pids" mean -- I don't even know what this means :laughing:

### Changed
- Some error messages at the end of an execution will only be displayed in verbose mode (`earthly -V ...`), e.g. `Error: build target: build main: failed to solve:`... [#3200](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/3200)
- `GIT CLONE` URLs will only be printed once as part of a prefix, e.g. `+my-clone-target(https://g/e/earthly) | --> GIT CLONE (--branch ) https://github.com/earthly/earthly`
- Clarify errors in interactive debugger so that they won't be confused with the build errors [#3200](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/3200).
- The `WITH DOCKER` auto-install script will now pass the `--no-tty` option to `gpg` [#3288](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/3288).

### Additional Info

> - This release includes changes to buildkit

Reviewer: woohoo! Adriano will be pleased :tada:

## Unreleased

## v0.7.20 - 2023-09-28

### Added
- Documentation for experimental option `--pass-args` [#3229](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3229).
- Clarification about `RUN --ssh` no being related to GIT [3eb60e87](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/commit/3eb60e87bbbee965a7c0f5d7b0f89cc2f65a7d02).
- Support for `mode` in mount cache [#3279](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3279).
- Support for `mode` in CACHE commands [#3290](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3290).
- Support for shared/global caches [#3296](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3296).
- Buildkit support for the gRPC Docker registry proxy [#25](https://github.com/earthly/buildkit/pull/25).

### Fixed

> - Regression where URLs will not always get shorter when used as a prefix. Partially addresses [#3200](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/3200).

Reviewer 2: ``` suggestion
A regression where URLs will not always get shorter when used as a prefix. Partially addresses [#3200](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/3200).
```

- Buildkit support for the gRPC Docker registry proxy [#25](https://github.com/earthly/buildkit/pull/25).

### Fixed
- A Regression where URLs will not always get shorter when used as a prefix. Partially addresses [#3200](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/3200).
- If a build fails because of `qemu` missing, earthly will display a proper hint to install it [#3200](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/3200).
- Request ID logging in gRPC streams [#3267](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3267).
- Incorrect error count report (#3306)(https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3306).
- A Race condition when exiting interactive debugger mode resulting in confusing errors [#3200](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/issues/3200).

> - Log errors that occur due to debugger exiting [#3310](https://github.com/earthly/earthly/pull/3310).

Reviewer 2: this one we can remove,  it's really the issue above
```suggestion
```
